one of the great joys of being in the service in my mind at least it is
the joy of working with people being part of the team in feeling that
their dear old giving everything you've got to get to a goal it's
one of the things that is best about the service %HESITATION so having
somebody think ill of you or not think well of the work you do
in the service is kind of a Downer %HESITATION so when you talk about
cryptology it's kind of a mixed bag %HESITATION to some degree cryptologist
reviewed as all you you have it easy you know in Vietnam we
had flush toilets and air conditioning and and the guys out in the
field were run around it you know in terrible conditions and going
to hell %HESITATION so it was all a little different for us than it
was for them %HESITATION on the other hand as favorite storyline is
one of my compatriots %HESITATION was a cryptologist and got assigned
to work with the elementary and actually was out in the commentary
with them and one day because the work he was doing in his test out
the Bernese he was able to throw back to flap to his tent in the whole
route everybody hit the dirt we got incoming and the other two people
all scrambled and got in their foxholes got their heads down and
about thirty seconds later here came the mortar rounds and he said
after that he there were no more comments about how he didn't have
to go on patrol and he had it easy and somebody else had to carry his
radio form or something because they knew he was a guy could save
their life %HESITATION but by and large cryptologist are regarded as
one of the really intellectual groups in the %HESITATION military
and are seeing that way by a number of people